An experimental grpc module graduation (#1472)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/shared/experimental-grpc-module.md

---
title: Experimental grpc module admonition
---

{{% admonition type="caution" %}}

> Staring `k6` version `v0.49` the experimental module `k6/experimental/grpc` has been graduated, and its functionality is available in [the `k6/net/grpc` module](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/). The `k6/experimental/grpc` is deprecated and will be removed in `v0.51.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting on k6 `v0.49`, the experimental module `k6/experimental/grpc` has been graduated, and its functionality is now available in the [`k6/net/grpc` module](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/). The `k6/experimental/grpc` is deprecated and will be removed in `v0.51.0`.
```
